Competition Blog Post by Simon Helmig from Two (#141)
zenml-io/blog.zenml.io: _posts/2022-12-16-two-inc-fraudulent-financial.md

---
layout: post
author: Simon Helmig at Two.inc (Guest post)
title: "Detecting Fraudulent Financial Transactions with ZenML"
description: "A winning entry - 2nd prize winner at Month of MLOps 2022 competition."
category: zenml

> tags: zenml-project month-of-mlops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: zenml competition evergreen
```

### 🚀 Model Deployer
Provided that the deployment trigger has been given the go-ahead for deployment, this step takes the trained model upstream and deploys it to a dedicated API endpoint on our Kubernetes Cluster using Seldon.

With this pipeline architecture, it is trivial to update our model at the API endpoint exposed by Seldon, while ensuring any model we deploy meets our performance requirements.

## 💭 Conclusions
As a team, we had a great time putting together this solution for the competition and we were delighted that we ended up placing second with our entry!

At Two, we’re very excited about the capabilities, abstractions, and flexibility ZenML provides, and we’re looking forward to taking the learnings we’ve garnered during the competition and funneling them into the development of our internal ML solutions.

## 📚 Learn More

> Below are some of the resources to learn more about the project: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some resources to learn more about the project and the competition:
```
